Update kestrel.md (#17199)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/servers/kestrel.md

## Additional resources

> * When targeting linux, app shut down and restart may fail to restart UNIX socket. For more information, see [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/issues/14134).

Reviewer: I'd suggest something like this, and perhaps also include instructions on how to work around the issue:

```suggestion
* When using UNIX sockets on Linux, the socket is not automatically deleted on app shut down. For more information, see [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/issues/14134).
```
